hi guys and youtube girls in this
video tutorial I will teach you how to do
this beautiful decoration using
home materials let's start with this
tutorial what we will need will be
scissors with shapes that can
get anywhere
these are heads to put it in
these scissors is worth here in the form and
scissors with the whole shape
and then a false and transparent nail
white or your own nail
pintauñas that you like more
and the good floor to do this technique
The first thing we will do is paint
our nail with
two layers or one depends on how the
color of the clear I have used this
pintauñas that is from Buruaga in 2002 and is
like a purple but it has a touch of
purpurin
to make the clouds I will use this from 1938
of voyeurs that comes in the same pack
It has a pattern
these 2
these other two
and finally these two
good
let's use good me in my case I'll
use scissors
party
We think we are cutting a bit of tape
insulator or floor
and with our scissors we will give you a
cut
there has to be something like that I do not know
if you see it good once our
base is 100% dry what we are going to do
we are going to paste the tape as we
like I'm going to put it in the middle
and a little diagonally
once we have stuck it we are going to
apply the color that we like
and I'm going to make it a cotton
that I do not know
Spot nothing and good as you can see this
enamel
I do not know if you see it also has a bit of
brilliantine
and it's also very clear from what you
we will give two layers
we wait for it to dry for the second
cap
as given the second layer and we should
remove the floor this is going to be the
final result and well then well you can
do in many ways more with the
different scissors
You can also buy in stores
internet or manicure
in special molds
and instead of doing the landlords if
they prefer and well this has been all for
today, chao
good girls I hope you liked it
I 'm going to leave my twitter
in the description of the video dadle like
Favourite
If you want to know the nail polish and that
in my previous video
and well I can get in the comments
if you want I thought a tutorial with something
especially and I hope you liked it
this technique is applied to me and I
you send photos
also if you want you can add them
some glitter
as they are small circles droplets
squares triangles
or you can get
some glitter enamel on top
subscribe to my dale channel
and in many kisses loves until the
next video